This gold
You saw it with your own eyes, it's true
I took this photo.
No wonder Wu Tian can afford the factory
Where did this kid get so much gold?
Sir, let's hurry up and work easily
Just kill Wu Tian
These gold bars are theirs
How are you doing?
That dick is a profiteer
I give in a little bit.
He was unified immediately
After hesitating, he immediately informed Li Shuai to attack the Qing Burning War
So many gold bars
I can't believe they don't move
Hahahaha
Xiaoping, well done
I'm seriously injured later
Zhang Shuai, I don't want to reward me
Xiaoping
Super handsome why gold
The fewer people know, the better. Go ahead.
What did we just say?
Nothing urgent
It's not a positive thing anyway
How are things going?
As you ordered
Weapons made of no steel
Have been sent to the barracks
Definitely the most advanced weapon
Who were the weapons of those dynasties sold to?
Taking the weapon is not qualified at all
All have quality problems.
I have exploded from Zhang Deshuai
Oh yeah, they bite tight.
My grades have gone up.
Did you succeed in taking advantage of the fire to rob me?
Commander, the enemy is attacking
Tempered down
No need to defend
Call me Zhang Deshuai's army and beat me hard
Destroy them completely yeah